feat(docs): Message Content Intent in Migration Guide (#1583)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/migrating_to_v2.rst

        await webhook.send("Hello from Pycord 2.0")

.. _migrating_2_0_intents_changes:

Intents Changes
---------------

:attr:`Intents.message_content` is now a privileged intent. Disabling it causes :attr:`Message.content`,

> :attr:`Message.embeds`, :attr:`Message.components`, and :attr:`Message.attachments` to be ``None``, directly causing
> :class:`ext.commands.Commands` to not run.

Reviewer: The fields won't be `None`, they'll be empty
Also fixed Commands ref I guess
```suggestion
:attr:`Message.embeds`, :attr:`Message.components`, and :attr:`Message.attachments` to be empty (an empty string
or an empty array), directly causing :class:`ext.commands.Command`s to not run.
```
